About the job
Responsibilities

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and its offices include New York, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible.

Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day.

To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.

At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve.

Join us.

The algorithm team is responsible for developing state-of-the-art computer vision, NLP and multimodality models and algorithms to protect our platform and users from the content and behaviors that violate community guidelines and related local regulations. With the continuous efforts from our team, TikTok is able to provide the best user experience and bring joy to everyone in the world.

We are looking for talented individuals to join us for an internship in 2025. Internships at TikTok aim to offer students industry exposure and hands-on experience. Turn your ambitions into reality as your inspiration brings infinite opportunities at TikTok.

Internships At TikTok Aim To Provide Students With Hands-on Experience In Developing Fundamental Skills And Exploring Potential Career Paths. A Vibrant Blend Of Social Events And Enriching Development Workshops Will Be Available For You To Explore. Here, You Will Utilize Your Knowledge In Real-world Scenarios While Laying a Strong Foundation For Personal And Professional Growth. This Internship Program Runs For 12 Weeks Beginning In May/June 2025. Successful Candidates Must Be Able To Commit To One Of The Following Summer Internship Start Dates Below:

Monday, May 12

Monday, May 19

Tuesday May 27 (Memorial Day May 26)

Monday, June 9

Monday, June 23

We will prioritize candidates who are able to commit to these start dates. Please state your availability clearly in your resume (Start date, End date).

Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to TikTok and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis - we encourage you to apply early.

Online Assessment

Candidates who pass resume evaluation will be invited to participate in TikTok's technical online assessment in HackerRank.
Research Scientist Intern (Data-TnS-Algo)- 2025 Summer (PhD)
TikTok · Seattle, WA


Responsibilities:

 Develop computer vision model or multimodality model to recognize violation content in TikTok.
 Explore the application of LLM in our business scenarios, like pre-training, zero-shot/ few-shot learning, hard case mining, etc.
 Deep understanding of TikTok moderation system and propose optimized method on current moderation system.
 Collaborate with product teams to define business objectives and improve trust and safety strategy.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

 Currently pursuing an PhD in Software Development, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline.
 Able to commit to working for 12-24 weeks during the Summer of 2025.
 Solid knowledge in at least one of the following areas: machine learning, large language models, NLP, multi-modal models, LLM, and data mining.
 Good understanding of data structures and algorithms.
 Passion about techniques and solving challenging problems.

Preferred Qualifications:

 Great communication and teamwork skills.

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://shorturl.at/cdpT2

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Hourly) - Campus Intern

The hourly rate range for this position in the selected city is $42.75- $42.75.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Interns have day one access to health insurance, life insurance, wellbeing benefits and more. Interns also receive 10 paid holidays per year and paid sick time (56 hours if hired in first half of year, 40 if hired in second half of year).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

 Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
 Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
 Exercising sound judgment.

